doc: Add docs for negative inbound filters (#5336)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/data-management-settings/filtering/index.mdx

- `*` matches zero or more characters.
- `\` escapes the next character making it literal. If it precedes a non-meta character, the backslash is ignored.
- `[`, `]`, `{`, and `}` are reserved meta characters.
- `!` works for negation, but only within brackets, such as in `[!1-4]` to match any character that is not `[1-4]`.

> Generally `bash`'s out-of-the-box behavior for globbing comes pretty close to what Sentry supports:

Reviewer: Suggest making it a bit less informal

```suggestion
Generally, `bash`'s out-of-the-box behavior for globbing is close to what Sentry supports:
```
